download_en.md, before:

# Download

## DISCLAIMER

**ONLY FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!**

## Links

### Genshin Impact

- [Teyvat Glyph](font/genshin-impact/teyvat/TeyvatNeue-Regular-1.002.otf)
- [Inazuma Glyph](font/genshin-impact/inazuma/InazumaNeue-Regular-1.000.otf)
- [Sumeru Glyph](font/genshin-impact/sumeru/SumeruNeue-Regular-0.007.otf)
- [Deshret Glyph](font/genshin-impact/deshret/DeshretNeue-Regular-1.002.otf)
- Khaenri'ah Glyph
  - [Regular](font/genshin-impact/khaenriah/KhaenriahNeue-Regular-2.000.otf)
  - [The Chasm's Variant](font/genshin-impact/khaenriah/KhaenriahNeue-Chasm-2.000.otf)

### Honkai - Star Rail

- [Star Rail Neue - Family](https://github.com/SpeedyOrc-C/Hoyo-Glyphs/releases/tag/star-rail-neue-1.100) (Used in Belobog, Herta Space Station, and UI)

- Luofu Glyph
  - [Extra Light](font/honkai-star-rail/luofu/LuofuNeue-ExtraLight-0.100.otf)
  - [Light](font/honkai-star-rail/luofu/LuofuNeue-Light-0.100.otf)
  - [Regular](font/honkai-star-rail/luofu/LuofuNeue-Regular-0.100.otf)
  - [Semi Bold](font/honkai-star-rail/luofu/LuofuNeue-SemiBold-0.100.otf)
  - [Bold](font/honkai-star-rail/luofu/LuofuNeue-Bold-0.100.otf)

### Zenless Zone Zero

- [ZZZ Glyph - Variant A](font/zenless-zone-zero/ZZZNeue-VariantA-0.003.otf)
- [ZZZ Glyph - Variant B](font/zenless-zone-zero/ZZZNeue-VariantB-0.003.otf)

## Notice

* For all fonts released after May 2023, you will find `ttf`, `otf`, `woff2` and apple device version.
* Apple device version contains fonts in `otf` format, which can be found in folder `apple`. 
* Please uninstall the old font before install the new one. 

## Using Variants

### Microsoft Office

Individual fonts will show up here instead of font variant.

![Using font variant in Microsoft Pages](font-variant-in-ms-office.png)

### Apple Pages

![Using font variant in Apple Pages](font-variant-in-pages.png)

Commit message:

Clean up for releasing xianzhou-seal-1.000

download_en.md, after:

# Download

## DISCLAIMER

**ONLY FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!**

## Links

### Genshin Impact

- [Teyvat Glyph](font/genshin-impact/teyvat/TeyvatNeue-Regular-1.002.otf)
- [Inazuma Glyph](font/genshin-impact/inazuma/InazumaNeue-Regular-1.000.otf)
- [Sumeru Glyph](font/genshin-impact/sumeru/SumeruNeue-Regular-0.007.otf)
- [Deshret Glyph](font/genshin-impact/deshret/DeshretNeue-Regular-1.002.otf)
- Khaenri'ah Glyph
  - [Regular](font/genshin-impact/khaenriah/KhaenriahNeue-Regular-2.000.otf)
  - [The Chasm's Variant](font/genshin-impact/khaenriah/KhaenriahNeue-Chasm-2.000.otf)

### Honkai - Star Rail

- [Star Rail Neue - Family](https://github.com/SpeedyOrc-C/Hoyo-Glyphs/releases/tag/star-rail-neue-1.100) (Used in Belobog, Herta Space Station, and UI)

- [Xianzhou Seal - Family](https://github.com/SpeedyOrc-C/HoYo-Glyphs/releases/tag/xianzhou-seal-1.000) (Used in 6 spaceships of Xianzhou)

### Zenless Zone Zero

- [ZZZ Glyph - Variant A](font/zenless-zone-zero/ZZZNeue-VariantA-0.003.otf)
- [ZZZ Glyph - Variant B](font/zenless-zone-zero/ZZZNeue-VariantB-0.003.otf)

## Notice

* For all fonts released after May 2023, you will find `ttf`, `otf`, `woff2` and apple device version.
* Apple device version contains fonts in `otf` format, which can be found in folder `apple`. 
* Please uninstall the old font before install the new one. 

## Using Variants

### Microsoft Office

Individual fonts will show up here instead of font variant.

![Using font variant in Microsoft Pages](font-variant-in-ms-office.png)

### Apple Pages

![Using font variant in Apple Pages](font-variant-in-pages.png)
