README_en.md, before:

# Genshin Glyphs

![Image to Font Specimen](specimen.png)

🌎 English | **[简体中文](README.md)**

## Intro

This repository contains the fonts of the constructed writing systems
in the video game *Genshin Impact*. 

If you want to have a glance at them just for fun, check [this link](https://speedyorc-c.github.io/Genshin-Glyphs/demo/index.html).

## How to Use?

### Install

Double click and install it. Before update, please remove the old one manually. 

### Using Variants

#### Pages

![](font-variant-in-pages.png)

## DISCLAIMER

**ONLY FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!**

## Included Writing Systems

All the writing systems that appeared in the game are listed below.
A tick means the font of this writing system is ready to use from this repository. 

- [ ] Mondstadt Script (Common)
- [X] Inazuma Script
- [X] Khaenri'ah Script
- [X] Khaenri'ah Script - The Chasm's Variant

### Writing Systems that We Won't Add

- Ishine Script (Inazuma - Tsurumi)
- Liyue Script

## Have Rendering Issues?

If you have issues with rendering, please report on [the Issue page](https://github.com/SpeedyOrc-C/Genshin-Glyphs/issues).

## Update Log & Known Issues

### Khaenri'ah Neue

#### v2.0.0

Added the Chasm's variant. 

### Inazuma Neue

#### v0.5.0

Added the fuzzy letter `X`.

#### v0.4.0

Added the letter `Q`.

Reduced the size of letter `D` and `U`.

According to the strokes of glyph, left and right kerning of all letters were
adjusted, so that the glyphs with vertical stroke are closer to the character
to the left. 

#### v0.3.0

Added the letter `V`. 

These letters are now more condensed:

```
A E I K N O S T
```

#### v0.2.0

Added the letter `J`, and now the letter `L` is in its right place.

Letter `H` and `N` are now more condensed. 

#### v0.1.0

Some letters are from fuzzy screenshots, so they may differ from
the ones you see in the game. These letters are:

```
A B C D F L T W Y Z
```

Some letters are not yet implemented. These letters are:

```
P Q V X
```

I accidentally assign the shape of letter `L` to letter `J`, please update
the font as soon as possible.

Commit message:

Now it is called Hoyo Glyphs!
Added Star Rail Neue from Honkai - Star Rail;
Added ZZZ Neue from Zenless Zone Zero.

README_en.md, after:

# Hoyo Glyphs

![Image to Font Specimen](specimen.png)

🌎 English | **[简体中文](README.md)**

## Intro

This repository contains the fonts of the constructed writing systems
in the video games developed by Hoyoverse. These fonts are
**not obtained from any forms of reverse engineering to the games**. 

If you want to have a glance at them just for fun, check [this link](https://speedyorc-c.github.io/Genshin-Glyphs/demo/index.html).

## How to Use?

### Install

Double click and install it. Before update, please remove the old one manually. 

### Using Variants

#### Pages

![](font-variant-in-pages.png)

## DISCLAIMER

**ONLY FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE. USE IT AT YOUR OWN RISK!**

## Included Writing Systems

All the writing systems that appeared in the game are listed below.
A tick means the font of this writing system is ready to use from this repository. 

### Genshin Impact

- [ ] Mondstadt Script (Common)
- [X] Inazuma Script
- [X] Khaenri'ah Script
- [X] Khaenri'ah Script - The Chasm's Variant

### Honkai - Star Rail

- [X] Star Rail Script (temporary name)

### Zenless Zone Zero

- [X] ZZZ Script (temporary name)

### Writing Systems that We Won't Add

- Ishine Script (Genshin Impact - Inazuma - Tsurumi)
- Liyue Script (Genshin Impact - Liyue)

## Have Rendering Issues?

If you have issues with rendering, please report on [the Issue page](https://github.com/SpeedyOrc-C/Genshin-Glyphs/issues).

## Update Log & Known Issues

### Star Rail Neue

#### v0.001

Currently, the game has finished its 1<sup>st</sup> public test,
the 2<sup>nd</sup> public test is in progress. 

### ZZZ Neue

#### v0.001

Currently, there is no any public test available but the game is being promoted.

### Khaenri'ah Neue

#### v2.0.0

Added the Chasm's variant. 

### Inazuma Neue

#### v0.5.0

Added the fuzzy letter `X`.

#### v0.4.0

Added the letter `Q`.

Reduced the size of letter `D` and `U`.

According to the strokes of glyph, left and right kerning of all letters were
adjusted, so that the glyphs with vertical stroke are closer to the character
to the left. 

#### v0.3.0

Added the letter `V`. 

These letters are now more condensed:

```
A E I K N O S T
```

#### v0.2.0

Added the letter `J`, and now the letter `L` is in its right place.

Letter `H` and `N` are now more condensed. 

#### v0.1.0

Some letters are from fuzzy screenshots, so they may differ from
the ones you see in the game. These letters are:

```
A B C D F L T W Y Z
```

Some letters are not yet implemented. These letters are:

```
P Q V X
```

I accidentally assign the shape of letter `L` to letter `J`, please update
the font as soon as possible.
